Documentation/user_manual.md, before:

<img src="images/cupid_code.png" alt="Cupid Code Pic" width="250"/>

# Cupid Code User Manual

Welcome to the enchanting realm of Cupid Code, where the magic of AI meets the whimsy of romance! Are you a self-proclaimed nerd with a heart full of dreams and a date night dilemma? Fear not, for Cupid Code is here to sprinkle a little love-laced AI wisdom into your world.

Picture this: You're lost in a labyrinth of date ideas, unsure of where to begin. That's where Cupid Code swoops in like a digital wingman, ready to orchestrate your perfect evening with just a few taps. Simply share your desires with our AI cupid, and watch as it crafts a masterful plan complete with swoon-worthy activities and all the essentials your heart could desire.

But wait, there's more! Ever wished for a trusty sidekick to guide you through the maze of dating dos and don'ts? Cupid Code's live chat feature puts you in direct contact with our AI cupid, ready to dispense sage advice and witty banter at a moment's notice.

So, whether you're planning a cozy picnic under the stars or a daring adventure through the city streets, let Cupid Code be your digital wingman, transforming your nerdy fantasies into real-world romance.
## Table of Contents
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Installation](#Installation-and-set-up)
- [Standard Users](#standard-users)
  - [Create an Account](#creating-an-account)
  - [Editing Account Information](#editing-account-information)
  - [Adding Cupid Cash](#adding-cupid-cash)
  - [Date Simulator](#date-simulator)
  - [AI Chat](#ai-chat)
- [Cupids](#cupids)
  - [Cupid Sign-up](#cupid-sign-up)
  - [Toggle Availability](#toggle-availability)
  - [Start a Job](#starting-a-job)
    - [View Available Jobs](#view-available-jobs)
    - [Accepting a Job](#accepting-a-job)
    - [Completing a Job](#completing-a-job)
- [Admin](#admin)
    - [Admin Dashboard](#admin-dashboard)
    - [View Users](#view-users)
    - [Logs](#logs)
    - [Terminate a Cupid](#terminating-a-cupid)
    - [My Account](#my-account)
    - [Change Password](#change-password)

- [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting)
- [Frequently Asked Questions](#FAQ)
- [Contact Information](#contact-information)

## Getting Started
### Installation and Set Up
Please refer to the [README](../README.md) to set up the entire cupid code system.

## Standard Users
### Creating an Account
You need to create an account before you are able to use Cupid Code's features. From the sign-in page, navigate to the blue *Sign up* button located at the bottom of the sign-in page. Click it.

<img src="images/sign_up_button.png" alt="Sign up Button Example" width="500"/> 

**Note:** You might need to scroll down to the sign-up option.

After clicking the sign-in button, you will see two options **Standard** and **Cupid**. Make sure that **Standard** is selected, then hit *Create Account*.

<img src="images/type_selection.png" alt="Type selection screen" width="500"/>

Start by adding a picture of yourself by clicking the little camera icon. You will then be prompted to select an image from your computer.  
**Developer Tip:** Select an image that will help cupids recognize you for smoother and faster interactions.

Continue filling out all your information. Please provide an email that you actively monitor for news and updates about your account. Remember to create a strong password, see [Password Requirements](#password-requirements) for more information.

Ensure that you provide your relationship goals so that we can best serve you. Please make sure that your information is accurate before hitting *Sign Up*, though you can change this information later if needed.

<img src="images/createAnAccountStandard.png" alt="An example of the creating an account filled out" width="500"/>

### Editing Account Information
From the sidebar menu select **My Account** to edit account information and **Change Password** to change your password.

<img src="images/passwordAndAccount.png" alt="changing you account info icons" width="500"/>

Ensure that your changes are saved by hitting the blue **Update** button. 


### Adding Cupid Cash
From the sidebar menu select **Add Cupid Cash**, as seen below.

<img src="images/add_cupid_cash.png" alt="add cash icon" width="250"/>

You will then be directed to the form where you can enter your desired amount and your card information. Hit the **Add Cupid Cash** button at the top of the screen. Do not hit the **Add Cupid Cash** more than once even if there is an error message. Instead, reload the page and see if the payment went through.

<img src="images/cupid_cash.png" alt="adding cupid cash icon" width="500"/>

### Date Simulator
From the sidebar menu select **Date Simulator**, as seen below.

<img src="images/dateSimIcon.png" alt="Date simulator icon with robot icon" width="250"/>

#### First Step - Generating transcript
You will be prompted to enter your date description. Make sure to be specific and give good details for a better outcome. After entering your description, hit the **Generate Transcript** button. 

<img src="images/stepOne.png" alt="Step one" width="500"/>

After a couple seconds, you will be provided with a sample transcript to help provide inspiration for sample talk on the date.

After reading through the transcript, hit **Generate Job**. If you don't see the **Generate Job** try deleting a portion of the transcript text and the button should appear.


#### Second Step - Generating the Job
After a couple of seconds, the potential job will appear. Please review this and make sure that you are satisfied before continuing.
If you are not satisfied return to **Step One** and edit your description. 

#### Third Step - Send to Cupid
Start be selecting a cupid from the drop-down menu under **Select Cupid**. After choosing your cupid, tap the **Send to Cupid!** button. Although it might appear that nothing happened, rest assured that your job was sent.

<img src="images/Step3.png" alt="selecting a cupid from the drop down arrow" width="500"/>


### AI Chat
From the sidebar menu select **AI Chat**, as seen below.

<img src="images/AIChatSelection.png" alt="Side Bar AI chat selection" width="250"/>

Type in the text box and hit the blue arrow to send you message the AI. Depending on the connection, it might take a couple seconds to receive a response. 

<img src="images/ChatEntry.png" alt="text entry with example text" width="500"/>

Remember that your chat with the AI won't save and will be deleted once you leave the page. If you want to save some information please write it down else where. 
 

## Cupids 
### Cupid sign-up
You need to create an account before you are able to use Cupid Code's features. From the sign-in page, navigate to the blue *Sign up* button located at the bottom of the sign-in page. Click it.

<img src="images/sign_up_button.png" alt="Sign up Button Example" width="500"/> 

**Note:** You might need to scroll down to the sign-up option.

After clicking the sign-in button, you will see two options **Standard** and **Cupid**. Make your selection **(Cupid)** and then click *Create Account*. Your selection is highlighted in the blue box.

<img src="images/type_selection_cupid.png" alt="Type selection screen with cupid chosen" width="500"/>

Start by adding a picture of yourself by clicking the little camera icon. You will then be prompted to select an image from your computer.  
**Developer Tip:** Select an image that will help users recognize you for smoother and faster interactions. Ensure that your profile picture is profession as you are representing Cupid Code.

Continue filling out all your information. Please provide an email that you actively monitor for news and updates about your account.  Remember to create a strong password, see [Password Requirements](#password-requirements) for more information.

### Toggle Availability
At the top of the sidebar menu there is a toggle button to change availability status. The figure below shows the cupid active. To show your status as **off-line** tap the toggle button so that it is a gray color and red _x_.

<img src="images/toggleActive.png" alt="Toggle is set to on" width="500"/>

### Starting a Job
#### View Available Jobs
Start by making sure that your account is active. From the sidebar, navigate to the **Available Jobs** section, as seen below.

<img src="images/availableJobs.png" alt="Available jobs section with a magnify glass" width="250"/>

You will see a list of available jobs with the following information:
* User's name
* Job description
* Cupid payout

To view more information about a job hit the button **View** on the right side of the job box. This will display a bit more information that is important information like the location. 

<img src="images/jobList.png" alt="list of available jobs" width="500"/>

#### Accepting a Job
To accept a job hit the **Start** button found below the **View** button. You will see the job will move to the **Current Jobs** section. 

<img src="images/currentJob.png" alt="job is now under current jobs section" width="500"/>

#### Completing a Job
Once you have completed a job, hit the **Complete** button. The completed job will be removed from your **Current Jobs** section.

## Admin

## FAQ

### Toggle Availability
At the top of the sidebar menu there is a toggle button to change availability status. The figure below shows the cupid active. To show your status as **off-line** tap the toggle button so that it is a gray color and red exit.

<img src="images/toggleActive.png" alt="Toggle is set to on" width="500"/>

### Starting a Job
#### View Available Jobs
Start by making sure that your account is active. From the sidebar, navigate to the **Available Jobs** section, as seen below.

<img src="images/availableJobs.png" alt="Available jobs section with a magnify glass" width="250"/>

You will see a list of available jobs with the following information:
* User's name
* Job description
* Cupid payout

To view more information about a job hit the button **View** on the right side of the job box. This will display a bit more information that is important information like the location. 

<img src="images/jobList.png" alt="list of available jobs" width="500"/>

#### Accepting a Job
To accept a job hit the **Start** button found below the **View** button. You will see the job will move to the **Current Jobs** section. 

<img src="images/currentJob.png" alt="job is now under current jobs section" width="500"/>

#### Completing a Job
Once you have completed a job, hit the **Complete** button. The completed job will be removed from your **Current Jobs** section.

## Admin
### Log in
If you are an admin, please use the provided login credentials to access your account. For inquiries regarding admin login, please reach out to admin@cupid.com

### Admin Dashboard
Upon logging in, you'll be directed to the admin dashboard where you can view key statistics:
* **Standard Users**: Total number of standard user accounts.
* **Cupids**: Total number of cupid accounts.
* **Admin**: Total number of admin accounts.
* **Purchases**: Total purchases throughout the app
* **Cupid Wages**: Total earnings of Cupids throughout the app.
* **AI User Statistics**: This feature is currently unavailable, but will display average AI usage by users.

Additionally, quick links to other admin pages are provided on the Homepage for convenience.

<img src="images/adminDashboard.png" alt="Admin Dashboard" width="500"/>

### View Users
This page allows you to easily view users based on their roles. Simply select the desired role from the dropdown menu to see usernames, photos, and counts for each user type. Please note that the Delete feature is not available in this app release.

<img src="images/View Users.png" alt="View Users Icon" width="250"/>  
<img src="ViewUsersPage.png" alt="View Users Page" width="500"/>  

### Logs
This page allows you to monitor real-time activity within your app, including connected users and user actions such as password changes. Navigate to the app and click on Logs, or access it from the homepage.

<img src="images/Logs.png" alt="Logs Icon" width="125"/>   
<img src="images/LogsConnectedUsers.png" alt="Logs Connected Users" width="500"/>   
<img src="images/LogsExample.png" alt="Example of Logs" width="500"/>  

### Terminating a Cupid
From the sidebar menu select **View Users**, as seen below.

<img src="ViewUserIcon.png" alt="View Users Page" width="500"/>

Hit the cupids section on the page. Then hit the blue **Terminate** button to fire a cupid. 

<img src="terminateCupid.png" alt="terminating cupid" width="500"/>  





### My Account
Use this page to update your personal information, including first and last name and email address.

<img src="images/MyAccountAdmin.png" alt="My Account Icon" width="250"/>  
<img src="images/MyAccount.png" alt="My Account Page" width="500"/> 

### Change Password
Use this page to change your current password.

<img src="images/changePasswordAdmin.png" alt="Change Passwords Icon" width="250"/>  
<img src="images/ChangePassword.png" alt="Change Password Page" width="500"/> 

## FAQ

### What are the password requirements?
- Must be at least 10 characters long
- Must contain at least one uppercase letter
- Must contain at least one number
- Must contain at least one symbol 
  - ex. !@#$%?&

### How does the AI date bot work?
Our AI date bot harnesses the power of artificial intelligence (AI) to create sample conversations tailored to various date scenarios. Simply input your desired date activity, and the bot generates a realistic conversation based on that setting. It analyzes conversational patterns and social cues to simulate engaging interactions between two people. Whether you're planning a romantic dinner or a fun day out, our AI date bot helps you visualize how your date might unfold, making it easier to plan and prepare for memorable moments.
### Can I hire someone through Cupid Code to assist with my date?
Yes, you can hire a Cupid through Cupid Code to assist with your date! Cupids are individuals who help enhance your date experience by bringing thoughtful gestures such as movie tickets, flowers, or any other items suggested by our AI during the date. Whether you want to add a touch of romance, surprise your date with a special gift, or simply ensure everything goes smoothly, our Cupids are here to make your date unforgettable. Just let us know your preferences, and we'll arrange for a Cupid to accompany you on your date and help create magical moments.
### How do I pay for the hired processes?
When it comes to paying for our services, we've got you covered. You can use Cupid cash to settle the bill for the assistance provided by our Cupids. When signing up, just set your budget. If you need more funds later, simply add money using your credit or debit card. It's that easy! No hassle, no fuss—just smooth transactions, so you can focus on enjoying your date.
### How do I get technical support for the app?
Contact support@cupid.com for technical support.


## Troubleshooting
### Unable to sign-in
* Make sure that you have created an existing account
* Check at you entered your email and password correctly
* Hit the **Forgot Password** and follow the steps
* Contact support@cupid.com to reset your password

### Cupid Cash balance won't update
* Review the [Adding Cupid Cash](#adding-cupid-cash) section
* Reload the page
* sign in and out
* Contact support@cupid.com for additional help

### AI won't respond
* Check your network connect
* Reload the page
* sign in and out
* come back in 30 minutes
* Contact support@cupid.com for additional help

### My cupid assistance won't work
* check your cupid cash balance to ensure you have enough
* Reload the page
* sign in and out
* Contact support@cupid.com for additional help

### Other
For any other issues please contact support@cupid.com for additional help.

## Contact Information
Please contact admin@cupid.com for:
* Reporting a cupid
* Corporate Careers

Please contact support@cupid.com for:
* Customer service
* Reporting a bug
* Cupid cash refunds
* All other needs

Commit message:

updated manual and added demo

Documentation/user_manual.md, after:

<img src="images/cupid_code.png" alt="Cupid Code Pic" width="250"/>

# Cupid Code User Manual

Welcome to the enchanting realm of Cupid Code, where the magic of AI meets the whimsy of romance! Are you a self-proclaimed nerd with a heart full of dreams and a date night dilemma? Fear not, for Cupid Code is here to sprinkle a little love-laced AI wisdom into your world.

Picture this: You're lost in a labyrinth of date ideas, unsure of where to begin. That's where Cupid Code swoops in like a digital wingman, ready to orchestrate your perfect evening with just a few taps. Simply share your desires with our AI cupid, and watch as it crafts a masterful plan complete with swoon-worthy activities and all the essentials your heart could desire.

But wait, there's more! Ever wished for a trusty sidekick to guide you through the maze of dating dos and don'ts? Cupid Code's live chat feature puts you in direct contact with our AI cupid, ready to dispense sage advice and witty banter at a moment's notice.

So, whether you're planning a cozy picnic under the stars or a daring adventure through the city streets, let Cupid Code be your digital wingman, transforming your nerdy fantasies into real-world romance.
## Table of Contents
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Installation](#installation-and-set-up)
  - [Demo](#demo)
- [Standard Users](#standard-users)
  - [Create an Account](#creating-an-account)
  - [Editing Account Information](#editing-account-information)
  - [Adding Cupid Cash](#adding-cupid-cash)
  - [Date Simulator](#date-simulator)
  - [AI Chat](#ai-chat)
- [Cupids](#cupids)
  - [Cupid Sign-up](#cupid-sign-up)
  - [Toggle Availability](#toggle-availability)
  - [Start a Job](#starting-a-job)
    - [View Available Jobs](#view-available-jobs)
    - [Accepting a Job](#accepting-a-job)
    - [Completing a Job](#completing-a-job)
- [Admin](#admin)
    - [Admin Dashboard](#admin-dashboard)
    - [View Users](#view-users)
    - [Logs](#logs)
    - [Terminate a Cupid](#terminating-a-cupid)
    - [My Account](#my-account)
    - [Change Password](#change-password)

- [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting)
- [Frequently Asked Questions](#FAQ)
- [Contact Information](#contact-information)

## Getting Started
### Installation and Set Up
Please refer to the [README](../README.md) to set up the entire cupid code system.

### Demo 
Please follow the following order:

**Manager:** Sign in and use the [dashboard](#admin-dashboard) to see the overview of the business
- Manager credentials
  - Email: admin@gmail.com
  - Password: admin

**Dater:** [Create an account](#creating-an-account)

**Cupid:** [Create an account](#cupid-sign-up) and [go live](#toggle-availability)

**Dater:** Set up a date itinerary and order a cupid [intervention](#date-simulator)

**Cupid:** [Accept](#starting-a-job) the job and complete the job

**Manager:** [Terminate](#terminating-a-cupid) the cupid

## Standard Users
### Creating an Account
You need to create an account before you are able to use Cupid Code's features. From the sign-in page, navigate to the blue *Sign up* button located at the bottom of the sign-in page. Click it.

<img src="images/sign_up_button.png" alt="Sign up Button Example" width="500"/> 

**Note:** You might need to scroll down to the sign-up option.

After clicking the sign-in button, you will see two options **Standard** and **Cupid**. Make sure that **Standard** is selected, then hit *Create Account*.

<img src="images/type_selection.png" alt="Type selection screen" width="500"/>

Start by adding a picture of yourself by clicking the little camera icon. You will then be prompted to select an image from your computer.  
**Developer Tip:** Select an image that will help cupids recognize you for smoother and faster interactions.

Continue filling out all your information. Please provide an email that you actively monitor for news and updates about your account. Remember to create a strong password, see [Password Requirements](#password-requirements) for more information.

Ensure that you provide your relationship goals so that we can best serve you. Please make sure that your information is accurate before hitting *Sign Up*, though you can change this information later if needed.

<img src="images/createAnAccountStandard.png" alt="An example of the creating an account filled out" width="500"/>

### Editing Account Information
From the sidebar menu select **My Account** to edit account information and **Change Password** to change your password.

<img src="images/passwordAndAccount.png" alt="changing you account info icons" width="500"/>

Ensure that your changes are saved by hitting the blue **Update** button. 


### Adding Cupid Cash
From the sidebar menu select **Add Cupid Cash**, as seen below.

<img src="images/add_cupid_cash.png" alt="add cash icon" width="250"/>

You will then be directed to the form where you can enter your desired amount and your card information. Hit the **Add Cupid Cash** button at the top of the screen. Do not hit the **Add Cupid Cash** more than once even if there is an error message. Instead, reload the page and see if the payment went through.

<img src="images/cupid_cash.png" alt="adding cupid cash icon" width="500"/>

### Date Simulator
From the sidebar menu select **Date Simulator**, as seen below.

<img src="images/dateSimIcon.png" alt="Date simulator icon with robot icon" width="250"/>

#### First Step - Generating transcript
You will be prompted to enter your date description. Make sure to be specific and give good details for a better outcome. After entering your description, hit the **Generate Transcript** button. 

<img src="images/stepOne.png" alt="Step one" width="500"/>

After a couple seconds, you will be provided with a sample transcript to help provide inspiration for sample talk on the date.

After reading through the transcript, hit **Generate Job**. If you don't see the **Generate Job** try deleting a portion of the transcript text and the button should appear.


#### Second Step - Generating the Job
After a couple of seconds, the potential job will appear. Please review this and make sure that you are satisfied before continuing.
If you are not satisfied return to **Step One** and edit your description. 

#### Third Step - Send to Cupid
Start be selecting a cupid from the drop-down menu under **Select Cupid**. After choosing your cupid, tap the **Send to Cupid!** button. Although it might appear that nothing happened, rest assured that your job was sent.

<img src="images/Step3.png" alt="selecting a cupid from the drop down arrow" width="500"/>


### AI Chat
From the sidebar menu select **AI Chat**, as seen below.

<img src="images/AIChatSelection.png" alt="Side Bar AI chat selection" width="250"/>

Type in the text box and hit the blue arrow to send you message the AI. Depending on the connection, it might take a couple seconds to receive a response. 

<img src="images/ChatEntry.png" alt="text entry with example text" width="500"/>

Remember that your chat with the AI won't save and will be deleted once you leave the page. If you want to save some information please write it down else where. 
 

## Cupids 
### Cupid sign-up
You need to create an account before you are able to use Cupid Code's features. From the sign-in page, navigate to the blue *Sign up* button located at the bottom of the sign-in page. Click it.

<img src="images/sign_up_button.png" alt="Sign up Button Example" width="500"/> 

**Note:** You might need to scroll down to the sign-up option.

After clicking the sign-in button, you will see two options **Standard** and **Cupid**. Make your selection **(Cupid)** and then click *Create Account*. Your selection is highlighted in the blue box.

<img src="images/type_selection_cupid.png" alt="Type selection screen with cupid chosen" width="500"/>

Start by adding a picture of yourself by clicking the little camera icon. You will then be prompted to select an image from your computer.  
**Developer Tip:** Select an image that will help users recognize you for smoother and faster interactions. Ensure that your profile picture is profession as you are representing Cupid Code.

Continue filling out all your information. Please provide an email that you actively monitor for news and updates about your account.  Remember to create a strong password, see [Password Requirements](#password-requirements) for more information.

### Toggle Availability
At the top of the sidebar menu there is a toggle button to change availability status. The figure below shows the cupid active. To show your status as **off-line** tap the toggle button so that it is a gray color and red _x_.

<img src="images/toggleActive.png" alt="Toggle is set to on" width="500"/>

### Starting a Job
#### View Available Jobs
Start by making sure that your account is active. From the sidebar, navigate to the **Available Jobs** section, as seen below.

<img src="images/availableJobs.png" alt="Available jobs section with a magnify glass" width="250"/>

You will see a list of available jobs with the following information:
* User's name
* Job description
* Cupid payout

To view more information about a job hit the button **View** on the right side of the job box. This will display a bit more information that is important information like the location. 

<img src="images/jobList.png" alt="list of available jobs" width="500"/>

#### Accepting a Job
To accept a job hit the **Start** button found below the **View** button. You will see the job will move to the **Current Jobs** section. 

<img src="images/currentJob.png" alt="job is now under current jobs section" width="500"/>

#### Completing a Job
Once you have completed a job, hit the **Complete** button. The completed job will be removed from your **Current Jobs** section.

## Admin

## FAQ

### Toggle Availability
At the top of the sidebar menu there is a toggle button to change availability status. The figure below shows the cupid active. To show your status as **off-line** tap the toggle button so that it is a gray color and red exit.

<img src="images/toggleActive.png" alt="Toggle is set to on" width="500"/>

### Starting a Job
#### View Available Jobs
Start by making sure that your account is active. From the sidebar, navigate to the **Available Jobs** section, as seen below.

<img src="images/availableJobs.png" alt="Available jobs section with a magnify glass" width="250"/>

You will see a list of available jobs with the following information:
* User's name
* Job description
* Cupid payout

To view more information about a job hit the button **View** on the right side of the job box. This will display a bit more information that is important information like the location. 

<img src="images/jobList.png" alt="list of available jobs" width="500"/>

#### Accepting a Job
To accept a job hit the **Start** button found below the **View** button. You will see the job will move to the **Current Jobs** section. 

<img src="images/currentJob.png" alt="job is now under current jobs section" width="500"/>

#### Completing a Job
Once you have completed a job, hit the **Complete** button. The completed job will be removed from your **Current Jobs** section.

## Admin
### Log in
If you are an admin, please use the provided login credentials to access your account. For inquiries regarding admin login, please reach out to admin@cupid.com

### Admin Dashboard
Upon logging in, you'll be directed to the admin dashboard where you can view key statistics:
* **Standard Users**: Total number of standard user accounts.
* **Cupids**: Total number of cupid accounts.
* **Admin**: Total number of admin accounts.
* **Purchases**: Total purchases throughout the app
* **Cupid Wages**: Total earnings of Cupids throughout the app.
* **AI User Statistics**: This feature is currently unavailable, but will display average AI usage by users.

Additionally, quick links to other admin pages are provided on the Homepage for convenience.

<img src="images/adminDashboard.png" alt="Admin Dashboard" width="500"/>

### View Users
This page allows you to easily view users based on their roles. Simply select the desired role from the dropdown menu to see usernames, photos, and counts for each user type. Please note that the Delete feature is not available in this app release.

<img src="images/View Users.png" alt="View Users Icon" width="250"/>  
<img src="ViewUsersPage.png" alt="View Users Page" width="500"/>  

### Logs
This page allows you to monitor real-time activity within your app, including connected users and user actions such as password changes. Navigate to the app and click on Logs, or access it from the homepage.

<img src="images/Logs.png" alt="Logs Icon" width="125"/>   
<img src="images/LogsConnectedUsers.png" alt="Logs Connected Users" width="500"/>   
<img src="images/LogsExample.png" alt="Example of Logs" width="500"/>  

### Terminating a Cupid
From the sidebar menu select **View Users**, as seen below.

<img src="ViewUserIcon.png" alt="View Users Page" width="500"/>

Hit the cupids section on the page. Then hit the blue **Terminate** button to fire a cupid. 

<img src="terminateCupid.png" alt="terminating cupid" width="500"/>  





### My Account
Use this page to update your personal information, including first and last name and email address.

<img src="images/MyAccountAdmin.png" alt="My Account Icon" width="250"/>  
<img src="images/MyAccount.png" alt="My Account Page" width="500"/> 

### Change Password
Use this page to change your current password.

<img src="images/changePasswordAdmin.png" alt="Change Passwords Icon" width="250"/>  
<img src="images/ChangePassword.png" alt="Change Password Page" width="500"/> 

## FAQ

### What are the password requirements?
- Must be at least 10 characters long
- Must contain at least one uppercase letter
- Must contain at least one number
- Must contain at least one symbol 
  - ex. !@#$%?&

### How does the AI date bot work?
Our AI date bot harnesses the power of artificial intelligence (AI) to create sample conversations tailored to various date scenarios. Simply input your desired date activity, and the bot generates a realistic conversation based on that setting. It analyzes conversational patterns and social cues to simulate engaging interactions between two people. Whether you're planning a romantic dinner or a fun day out, our AI date bot helps you visualize how your date might unfold, making it easier to plan and prepare for memorable moments.
### Can I hire someone through Cupid Code to assist with my date?
Yes, you can hire a Cupid through Cupid Code to assist with your date! Cupids are individuals who help enhance your date experience by bringing thoughtful gestures such as movie tickets, flowers, or any other items suggested by our AI during the date. Whether you want to add a touch of romance, surprise your date with a special gift, or simply ensure everything goes smoothly, our Cupids are here to make your date unforgettable. Just let us know your preferences, and we'll arrange for a Cupid to accompany you on your date and help create magical moments.
### How do I pay for the hired processes?
When it comes to paying for our services, we've got you covered. You can use Cupid cash to settle the bill for the assistance provided by our Cupids. When signing up, just set your budget. If you need more funds later, simply add money using your credit or debit card. It's that easy! No hassle, no fuss—just smooth transactions, so you can focus on enjoying your date.
### How do I get technical support for the app?
Contact support@cupid.com for technical support.


## Troubleshooting
### Unable to sign-in
* Make sure that you have created an existing account
* Check at you entered your email and password correctly
* Hit the **Forgot Password** and follow the steps
* Contact support@cupid.com to reset your password

### Cupid Cash balance won't update
* Review the [Adding Cupid Cash](#adding-cupid-cash) section
* Reload the page
* sign in and out
* Contact support@cupid.com for additional help

### AI won't respond
* Check your network connect
* Reload the page
* sign in and out
* come back in 30 minutes
* Contact support@cupid.com for additional help

### My cupid assistance won't work
* check your cupid cash balance to ensure you have enough
* Reload the page
* sign in and out
* Contact support@cupid.com for additional help

### Other
For any other issues please contact support@cupid.com for additional help.

## Contact Information
Please contact admin@cupid.com for:
* Reporting a cupid
* Corporate Careers

Please contact support@cupid.com for:
* Customer service
* Reporting a bug
* Cupid cash refunds
* All other needs
